Writerside/topics/BilzJoinPlus-JoinSounds.md, before:

# JoinSounds

### 🧩 Parameters

| Key                    | Description                                                            |
|------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `<id>`                 | Unique identifier for the sound (used internally).                     |
| `display`              | The name shown in the GUI (supports color codes).                      |
| `sound`                | A valid XSound enum name.                                              |
| `permission`           | Custom permission required to unlock this sound.                       |
| `status.no-permission` | Message shown when player lacks the permission.                        |
| `status.click-select`  | Message shown when the player clicks to select this option.            |
| `status.already-select`| Message shown when the sound is already selected.                      |

### 🔎 Creation parameters in the .yml

```yaml
joinsounds:
  <id>:
    display: "<Display Name>"
    sound: "<XSound Enum>"
    permission: "<Permission Node>"
    status:
      no-permission: "<No Permission Message>"
      click-select: "<Click to Select Message>"
      already-select: "<Already Selected Message>"
```

### 💻 Example defaults of the .yml

```yaml
dragon:
  display: "&aDragon"
  sound: "ENTITY_ENDERDRAGON_GROWL"
  permission: bilzjoinplus.joinsound.dragon
  status:
    no-permission: " &#FF3D3D⏩ You need rank &6&lBILZOX "
    click-select: " &#95FF7E⏩ Left-click to select sound "
    already-select: " &#FF3D3D⏩ Already selected sound "
```

Commit message:

docs(joinsounds): update join sounds documentation
- Revamp documentation for JoinSounds feature.
- Improve descriptions of parameters and configuration.
- Provide clear examples and structure.

Writerside/topics/BilzJoinPlus-JoinSounds.md, after:

# JoinSounds
Create unique and exclusive sounds for privileged users

### Support
- Hex Color [Wiki](https://www.birdflop.com/resources/rgb/)
- XSound [Wiki](https://github.com/CryptoMorin/XSeries/blob/master/core/src/main/java/com/cryptomorin/xseries/XSound.java)
- MiniMessage Format [Wiki](https://docs.advntr.dev/minimessage/format)

| Usage        | Description                                                  |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| `<id>`       | The id is to identify the cosmetic in the commands           |
| `display`    | Display the custom name of the cosmetic                      |
| `permission` | Add a permission to the cosmetic to make it exclusive        |
| `sound`      | Insert the sound you want and sound exclusive or mysterious  |
| `status`     | Modify the messages of the placeholder variables             |

### Structure
```yaml
joinsounds:
  <id>:
    display: "Display custom text name"
    permission: Insert permission
    sound: "Insert new sound"
    status:
      no-permission: "This is part of the placeholder (%\bjpstatus%)"
      click-select: "This is part of the placeholder (%\bjpstatus%)"
      already-select: "This is part of the placeholder (%\bjpstatus%)"
```

### Example cosmetics.yml
```yaml
joinsounds:
  cat:
    display: "&aCat"
    sound: "CAT_MEOW"
    permission: bilzjoinplus.joinsound.cat
    status:
      no-permission: " &#FF3D3D⏩ You need rank &6&lBILZOX "
      click-select: " &#95FF7E⏩ Left-click to select sound "
      already-select: " &#FF3D3D⏩ Already selected sound "
```
